>> You've reached the end of the deep learning module.
Congratulations!
>> Boy, you sounded just like Sebastian right there.
>> Thank you. I try to be just like Sebastian.
So, do you feel like a deep learning expert now?
>> Well, I wouldn't necessarily say expert,
but I think I know what tools I've got.
>> Alright, I think you're ready to build the behavioral cloning network.
The team at Udacity has built an awesome simulator for you.
It's going to be your job to drive your car around the track,
collect data and then train a deep neural network to do the driving for you.
So, how would you approach this kind of problem?
>> Well, I guess...I know!
I'd compute the gradient.
Yeah. And then once I got the...
>> Stop, stop, stop. This is deep learning,
not computer vision deep learning.
>> No gradient?
>> No. Focus, deep learning.
>> Got it. Okay. Then, I think I'd go fire up my simulator.
>> Thank you.
When you're done,
you're going to have an awesome portfolio project to show off.
Actually that was kind of cool.